Update README (#26)
biaslyze-dev/biaslyze: README.md

![](resources/biaslyze-demo-box-plot.gif)

> See more detailed examples in the [tutorial](notebooks/notebooks/Tutorial_biaslyze_toxic-comments-usecase.ipynb).

Reviewer: The issue here is, that the Readme is also used as the Landingpage of the website, so different links are needed there.
A solution could be to link to `https://biaslyze.org/tutorials/tutorial-toxic-comments/` which would work in both settings.

> See more detailed examples in the [tutorial](notebooks/notebooks/Tutorial_biaslyze_toxic-comments-usecase.ipynb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more detailed examples in the [tutorial](https://biaslyze.org/tutorials/tutorial-toxic-comments/).
```
